# Py_GNUPlot
This is a python script to automate GNUPlot scripting. GNUPlot script is not really user friendly. It requires a good reading of manual. 
This python script is just to automate the basic functionalities like plotting Comma separated value (.CSV) files.

# Environment
Tested and developed on windows 10. Also works with linux terminals on windows but need to change the path of files accordingly while using this.

# Usage
pyPlot.py -s / --script <Path to GNU script to write>
	  -d / --data   <Path to data file>
			 { USE / IN PATH. EX: C:/Users/Profile/name.csv }
	  -x / --xAxis  <Column no. to be on X axis>
			 { KEEP IT 1 FOR SIMPLICITY. EX: -x 1 }
	  -y / --yAxis  <Column nos. to be on Y axis>
			 { EX: -y 3 -y 4 -y 2 -y 5 }
	  -w / --style  <Data marking style DEFAULT: dots>
			 { lines, dots, steps, errorbars, xerrorbar, xyerrorlines, vectors, parallelaxes,
	      		 points, impulses, fsteps, errorlines, xerrorlines, yerrorbars, surface,
			 linespoints, labels, histeps, financebars, xyerrorbars, yerrorlines }
	  -t / --term   <Choose terminal DEFAULT: wxt>
			 { windows, canvas, cgm, dumb, caca, dxf, emf, fig, hpgl, png, jpeg, gif,
			 epslatex, pslatex and pstex, postscript, qms, svg, domterm, tgif, tkcanvas, latex,
			 eepic, tpic, pstricks, texdraw, mf, mp, context, wxt, epscairo, cairolatex, 
			 pdfcairo, pngcairo, lua, tikz, qt }
	  -S / --sensor <Sensor id to plot selective rows>
			 { This will be a condition while plotting the value. If sensor value is same as
			 first colomn value, then will be plotted. It has to be the first colomn value. 
			 EX: --sensor 34 }

# Limitations
-	It can plot one graph at a time. Working on multiple plots in same window.
-	It can plot only CSV files
-	2D graphs support
-	it is less user friendly, but hey, better than GNUPlot. Try it.
-	you have to run GNU script separatly. Working on running GNU script from python.
-	Not so readable graph labels, working on reading colomn heads from CSV files.

# what to do of GNU script / HOW to use it
Install GNUPLot and run its executable in command line like gnuplot.exe <path to your gnu script generated by python>